what is going on guys my name is Jericho
and I am your number one source for
black ops 2 news just kidding I made up
that statistic just like everyone else
but let's get started we're gonna be
analyzing this black ops 2 multiplayer
game playing the first thing you should
notice is the leveling tool on your
crossbow it's used in building houses
and I saw at home depot the other day so
expect to be working part time as a
construction worker and black ops 2
multiplayer playing a new game type here
what you see on your screen is pretty
crazy because the enemy team is trying
to steal your friends chair you probably
got up to go to the bathroom or maybe
make some pop-tarts and these assholes
are already trying to take his seat it's
our job to kill anyone who tries to take
it now I want you to pay close attention
to what's about to happen on your screen
at one point our players standing
outside the building and now he's inside
the building and the only way to explain
this is obviously teleportation let's
watch that again player presses a button
on his watch and then within seconds he
teleports you already here first folks
teleportation is invented in 20-25 say
goodbye to shitty car air fresheners and
say hello to people randomly teleporting
in your bathroom why you shower by
accident now we've got a really
important weapon attachment and I'm not
sure who decided this was a good idea
but I'm gonna pause it right here do you
see the problem the weapon sight isn't
exactly square see here's a square that
i made in photoshop and you can clearly
see someone did not pass preschool that
is a six-sided geometric object also
known as a hexagon in case you were
wondering but big props to treyarch
because you can see the level of detail
they put into the game here they said
screw the budget we're actually gonna
make the deck the walls everything is
going to be real wood it really brings
this multi-million dollar yacht together
tons of snipers and montage makers are
gonna get a massive hard-on after this
next clip did you miss it because if we
slow it down you can see a ladder in the
background meaning 360 why why ladder
stalls are in the game this is huge they
were really overpowered in the last call
of duty so we're not quite sure how I
feel about them being included in black
ops 2 but I guess we'll see finally
let's analyze this clip here as we see
the player throwing a tomahawk before
knifing one then two then three enemies
and I can't stress this enough but this
guy is a bad player he walks over tons
of guns and instead of grabbing them he
acts like a complete
tube and ignores them don't be like this
new and bring a knife to a gunfight
because as you can see you will
obviously lose anyways thank you guys
for watching my name is Jericho I hope
you enjoyed this very specific and
incredibly informative breakdown of the
black ops 2 multiplayer gameplay if you
learned absolutely nothing then give me
a like and a favorite and if you guys
want to see more than let me know in the
comment section below and I will talk to
you guys later